+++
title = "Sex differences in the Human Connectome"
date = "2013-09-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Vivek Kulkarni", "Jagat S Pudipeddi", "Leman Akoglu", "Joshua T Vogelstein", "R Jacob Vogelstein", "Sephira Ryman", "Rex E Jung"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "International Conference on Brain and Health Informatics"
publication_short = "BHI"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We investigate sex differences across male and female connectomes identifying several discriminative features. One of our main findings discloses a statistical difference at the pars-orbitalis of the connectome between the sexes, which has been shown to function in language production."
abstract_short = "We investigate sex differences across male and female connectomes identifying several discriminative features. One of our main findings discloses a statistical difference at the pars-orbitalis of the connectome between the sexes, which has been shown to function in language production."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = "bhi.jpg"

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["complex networks"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = "bhi.jpg"
caption = ""

+++
